Sikandar Raza has hit 127 runs across the series so far. He is the only player who has looked comfortable at the crease in both games of the series and he is our pick to be Zimbabwe’s highest run scorer again in this match. With the ball, we are backing Richard Ngarava to continue his strong bowling at this venue and to be Zimbabwe’s top wicket taker in this final IT20.
Bangladesh opener, Liton Das, continues to be their strongest batter in this format. He hit 56 runs from 33 balls and is our tip for the Tigers’ highest run scorer against Zimbabwe. Mustafizur Rahman is the most accomplished and consistent of Bangladesh’s bowlers. The left-arm pacer has taken over 150 international wickets and we expect him to be his side’s top wicket taker.
It would be a big surprise if Sikandar Raza struggled with the bat in this IT20. He is well worth backing to score over 20.5.

The final match of the three-game IT20 series between Zimbabwe and Bangladesh takes place on Tuesday afternoon at the Harare Sports Club. Zimbabwe won the first match by 17 runs on Saturday before Bangladesh bounced back on Sunday with a seven-wicket victory. Read on as we preview this decisive game. The match begins at 13:00 local time.

Zimbabwe struggled with the bat in Sunday’s game and only one of their top six batters made double figures. If they can set a better foundation at the top of the innings then the hosts will be a threat in this match.

The Tigers got back to winning ways in IT20s on Sunday. There were some big performances from key players and they are all capable of producing the goods again in this third and final game of the series.

Zimbabwe vs Bangladesh 3rd T20 Match Live Streaming
TV channels: This match will be shown live on ZBC in Zimbabwe and Gazi TV in Bangladesh.

Live Streaming: Fans can stream the match on Fan Code

ZIM vs BAN Match Toss Prediction
The hosts have won the toss ahead of both of the games in this series and chosen to bat first each time. We predict that irrespective of who wins the toss, Zimbabwe will bat first in this match.

ZIM vs BAN Pitch Report
Spin bowlers, led by Bangladesh’s Mosaddek Hossain, had the upper hand in the second IT20. The surface will give assistance to the bowling attacks with a par score no higher than 155.

Weather Report
A bit more cloud than in the previous two games but it will be sunny. The temperature will reach 21 degrees in early afternoon.

Read on for team previews, betting tips, latest odds, and match prediction for Zimbabwe vs Bangladesh 3rd T20 Match 2022